Wen Hao, why are you here?
Give me the phone
Inside
There must be a secret that Chu Minghua doesn't know
This will be evidence from now on
Get out of the way
Chu Minghua can try to check the conditioning monitoring.
You come with me first
I'm not leaving, my evidence hasn't been found yet
You listen to me.
You come with me first
It's not safe to have surveillance in the car
I'll give you what you want.
Clear monitoring speed
Put it on your head
This is currently
Have all the evidence of Chu Minghua's crime
When did you start investigating Chu Minghua?
Start from Enron knowing that you are a teacher
So many investigations in a short period of time
Wen Hao
Who the hell are you?
I don't know.
Your lover has a friend like you by his side